[Music] I've been
told the guest By the way,
3 minutes.
Hey, okay, okay, people, who do you think
the guest is, dear,
controversial, hated, dear,
people are going to
meet him, well, while the guest comes in,
then let's go, of course,
okay, then I know what time we have, we'll
talk about the ones we have left, okay,
but it's been leaked. Well,
you warned me that the
Spanish television budgets have been leaked for
that program that is about to
premiere, by the
TV factory, not La Osa. Now we're not talking
about what I mean. Exactly, it says exactly
81,500
per program, a total of
5.3 million euros, that is,
5,300,000 for the 65 chapters. For the
moment, the
same budget has been contracted as for La
Resistencia. By
the way, up and down, let's go La
Resistencia, I think it's 90,000 per
program. La Resistencia, La Revuelta, La Revuelta,
for me it will always
be La Resistencia. But well, yes, La
Revuelta, the same budget, my opinion,
[ __ ], they're going to turn on me. But I
think that  90,000 per program Look the
other day eh Let's see no, I don't want to
compare it with anything I've done
but I think that with I think I
could put together something similar with with much
less I couldn't tell you how much it costs but
if you don't have to pay fees Well of course
if you have to pay
fees things change if there's a
guest who has to charge you 40,000
for an interview okay imagine a
Terelu has to come because she just had a
fight with Carmen Borrego and you have to
pay her 30,000 euros to sit down
well but for day to day
81,500 Marina or
so Of course you think let's see of course I
think in my head already all the people of the
team collaborators
have been
interviewed Let's see it's that I don't know Of course I
don't know what the salaries will be like everything will
be luckily everything will be public it's not
that it has been leaked It's that I think we
can see it eh Now I don't
remember where you can see it eh but you
can see it and and when the budgets
are public, I mean, they put it here  I just
told you, I mean we
can see it on the web, that is, it
is public, it is public for everyone,
luckily so, uh, I don't know when, I don't
know how, but we can see them, we have
access to the salaries, what one earns, what
another earns, that is, the
transparency portal, luckily here we
can see it, uh, No, I mean, I don't know, it doesn't go up from what is
usual, it is a lot, it is unclear. It's
that, uh, this is relative. Now, there
are 65 programs and everything is at stake
in those programs, the renewal
or non-renewal is at stake. We'll see what happens with
morning shows if it goes past September. There are
people who work and who are not very
clear about it, the audiences are not
supporting it. And even though it is
Spanish television and not everything depends on, uh, the
audiences. Well, we'll see. On
public television, they cannot pay guests. Mar, I
'm not so sure why. And why won't they be
able to pay guests in which
are the magazines that are, that is, those that
are from external producers, as is the case in this
case, in news programs, no, and in-
house programs, no. In fact, they do not pay, uh, but
the producers  and in the magazines I tell you
yes because I know it, I mean, that's what I
know. Of course, what would be the point? I mean,
what motive is there, I mean, while a
criminal.
No, of course, there we have it like we had the
other time, no, the, the dilemma of
when they went, if they were accused,
investigated, if they had been convicted,
if they could, they couldn't,
what it seems to me is that they are, let's see,
what it seems to me is that what is done with
public money is to take and open there, I
mean, the first thing you do, how do you know? Now what
each program is going to cost you because
that's the first thing, right? I mean, one thing is a
budget and another thing is what you,
well, you can tell me, look, Javi,
you have up to 90,000 each day to make
your program, but every day you're not going to
use the
90,000, no, but probably with that
budget. Maybe there are days when
suddenly more because potato, eh, because so-and-so
comes, I'm also telling you, it's a
fringe, eh. And it's not only the fringe
but they're not going to be as free
to do what they did, they're not going to be
able to mess with  Tele5 as they did in not
even if we were, which was also a little
of what they lived on, not by uncovering plots
of whether the survivors have these
privileges, that if Ana Rosa, this, they will
not be able to do it, it is going to change
a lot and I think that for the loyal public
that we were it is going to be a little
disappointing that I think Maybe I am
wrong and then it is buah the
formula that they find is the bomb I do not
know I do not know how it goes I am not telling you not to
make the program on Spanish television, it does
not seem bad to me but man it
seems to me that it is an
inflated budget put there, take public money,
take you know whatever salary
each person on the team receives How many
employees do they need because of course here we
are no longer talking about all the
employees that you want to put in, here
we are talking about public money
so of course There you have in hand you are
handling money that they are
giving you, not the Spanish, no, I do not know, it is that I
see it as an outrage 90,000 p per
program, I mean, I understand that everyone has
a car but you, for example, in all
the programs you do not need the same
investment at the moment  that you have a
set the set is okay it costs you money to
set up a set the materials and all
that but no you don't have to pay every
day for the set you don't have to pay
every day for the cameras you don't have to
pay everyone or rather and then the
crew's salaries I mean we're talking about a set
How many cameras do you need Well I was
there at El Hormiguero and if I'm not
mistaken in El Hormiguero they have three
cameras a crane which is what does it like this
and then there are two guys who are
below and the exterior but yes yes and the
exterior come on okay but I mean how much and it
's a small set I don't know what the
budget is but come on no no no and El
Hormiguero is dirt cheap because they don't
pay any guests because for
promotional purposes they all go no no El
Hormiguero is I mean they make
huge profits La Revuelta is the same La
Revuelta is also 90,000 per program
Why 90,000 So it's done with
90,000 euros it seems like an outrage to me yes
totally no no Of course totally
totally it's like that by the
way but apart from that I have a  doubt not
with this thing about public television programs
If suddenly they earn money
for example they have advertising or they have
advertisers or promotions the same as they
have a budget then what they earn they
return or how how are they going to
return it then how do they live Ah what they
earn in advertising but in the public
well in the public well sometimes yes it
is true the issue of advertisers Well
but in the public in the public when there are
ads
eh Well they are not getting involved
lately some but they are the ones that I
see are from the house and well
some some but I believe cl there is not going to be
advertising I understand I understand
that no Of course in the public never Nothing
zero worth that for example in Eh there are
special occasions the ones that there are not
special occasions but I think they are
not ads related to the
house of course institutional or ads from
the house no that if promoting that if
the promise or that if it is like three
times less than a series like The
promise bu The promise is spectacular
spectacular I don't know eh I don't know but
come on I tell you that a program like
El Hormiguero is that yes that is a success of
course it is a private or so There yes  that there is
a lined one but alive I tell you there are no
guests the workers are not
I have been there several times eh also and
that is a let's go Access Prime
Time em not too many employees the
ads are very expensive the audience it
has is spectacular that is a
business El Hormiguero and I am glad let's go
more they have advertising maybe at
night Oh of course but it is what you say they are
promotional ads for other
Spanish television programs of course I mean
you are not going to see a frenet or you are not going to
see a eh tampax the sabadel bank but
I think they are contracts with
Spanish television things seem like a lot 90,000
euros it seems to me an outrage per
program it is public money you need
programs that do not need so much
investment
[Music]